com/benew/client/goodtogo/Utils/App.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Utils.App
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Activities/RestaurantActivity.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Activities.RestaurantActivity
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Bases/BaseFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Bases.BaseFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/RestoFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.RestoFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Utils/Prevalent.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Utils.Prevalent
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/AddProductFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.AddProductFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/Restaurant.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.Restaurant
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Activities.MainActivity
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/SauceFritesFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.SauceFritesFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/SearchPlatFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.SearchPlatFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/widget/CanaroTextView.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.widget.CanaroTextView
com/benew/client/goodtogo/FirebaseUsage/FirestoreUsage.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.FirebaseUsage.FirestoreUsage
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/TypeDesserts.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.TypeDesserts
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Receivers/ConnectivityReceiver.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Receivers.ConnectivityReceiver
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Receivers.ConnectivityReceiver$ConnectivityReceiverListener
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/TypeProducts.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.TypeProducts
com/benew/client/goodtogo/APIs/GettingPictureAPI.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.APIs.GettingPictureAPI
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/TypeBoissons.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.TypeBoissons
com/benew/client/goodtogo/APIs/ValidationAPI.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.APIs.ValidationAPI
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/PlatFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.PlatFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Utils/Constants.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Utils.Constants
com/benew/client/goodtogo/BuildConfig.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.BuildConfig
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Activities/ProfilActivity.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Activities.ProfilActivity
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/EspaceRFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.EspaceRFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/ProductsFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.ProductsFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/TypeViandes.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.TypeViandes
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Adapters/AddProductPager.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Adapters.AddProductPager
com/benew/client/goodtogo/APIs/OtherFonctionsAPI.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.APIs.OtherFonctionsAPI
com/benew/client/goodtogo/APIs/DatabaseAPI.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.APIs.DatabaseAPI
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Bases/BaseActivity.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Bases.BaseActivity
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/DessertsFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.DessertsFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Modals/TypeAccompagnementSousForme.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Modals.TypeAccompagnementSousForme
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/EnregistrementFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.EnregistrementFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.ProfileFragment
com/benew/client/goodtogo/Controllers/Fragments/BoissonsFragment.java
 com.benew.client.goodtogo.Controllers.Fragments.BoissonsFragment
